She grabbed 
Harry’s wand, tapped the lock, and whispered, 
“Alohomora\” 

The lock clicked and the door swung open — they 
piled through it, shut it quickly, and pressed their 
ears against it, listening. 

“Wingardium Leviosal” he shouted, waving his long 
arms like a windmill. 

Hermione rolled up the sleeves of her gown, flicked 
her wand, and said, “Wingardium LeviosaV’ 

Their feather rose off the desk and hovered about four 
feet above their heads. Rowling 




Hermione had sunk to the floor in fright; Ron pulled 
out his own wand — not knowing what he was going 
to do he heard himself cry the first spell that came 
into his head: “Wingardium Leviosal” 

The club flew suddenly out of the troll’s hand, rose 
high, high up into the air, turned slowly over — and 
dropped, with a sickening crack, onto its owner’s 
head. 

“Now, don’t forget, it’s Locomotor Mortis,” Hermione 
muttered as Ron slipped his wand up his sleeve. 

“Petrificus Totalusl” she cried, pointing it at Neville. They tugged and heaved 
at the door, but it wouldn’t budge, not even when 
Hermione tried her Alohomora Charm. Rowling 



and performed the immensely complex Homorphus 
Charm — he let out a piteous moan — go on, Harry — 
higher than that — good — the fur vanished — the 
fangs shrank — and he turned back into a man. 

“One — two — three — ” 

Both of them swung their wands above their heads 
and pointed them at their opponent; Snape cried: 

“ ExpelliarmusV’ There was a dazzling flash of scarlet 
light and Lockhart was blasted off his feet: He flew 
backward off the stage, smashed into the wall, and 
slid down it to sprawl on the floor. 
He stumbled, but everything still seemed to be 
working, and wasting no more time, Harry pointed his 
wand straight at Malfoy and shouted, “Rictusempral” 

A jet of silver light hit Malfoy in the stomach and he 
doubled up, wheezing. Harry hung back, 
with a vague feeling it would be unsporting to bewitch 
Malfoy while he was on the floor, but this was a 
mistake; gasping for breath, Malfoy pointed his wand 
at Harry’s knees, choked, “Tarantallegral” and the 
next second Harry’s legs began to jerk around out of 
his control in a kind of quickstep. 

“Finite Incantatem\” he shouted; Harry’s feet stopped 
dancing, Malfoy stopped laughing, and they were able 
to look up. 

Malfoy raised his wand quickly and bellowed, 

“ Serpensortial” 

The end of his wand exploded. 

She tapped the diary three times and said, 
“Aparecium\” 

Nothing happened. He pulled out his wand and shouted, 

“ ExpelliarmusV’ and just as Snape had disarmed 
Lockhart, so Malfoy found the diary shooting out of 
his hand into the air. 

Harry took out his wand, murmured, “Lumos\” and a 
tiny light appeared at the end of it, just enough to let 
them watch the path for signs of spiders. Lockhart had 
barely raised his, when Harry bellowed, 

“ Expelliarmus\ ” 

Lockhart was blasted backward, falling over his 
trunk; his wand flew high into the air; Ron caught it, 
and flung it out of the open window. 

“Lumosl” Harry muttered to his wand and it lit again. “I shall take 
a bit of this skin back up to the school, tell them I 
was too late to save the girl, and that you two 
tragically lost your minds at the sight of her mangled 
body — say good-bye to your memories!” 

He raised Ron’s Spellotaped wand high over his head 
and yelled, “Obliviatel” 

The wand exploded with the force of a small bomb. 

“Lumos,” Harry muttered, and a light appeared at the 
end of his wand, almost dazzling him. ” 

He raised the wand to shoulder height, said, 

“ Waddiwasil ” and pointed it at PeevesriddikulusV’ 

“ RiddikulusV’ said the class together. “And you will raise your 
wand — thus — and cry ‘Riddikulus’ — and 
concentrate hard on your grandmother’s clothes. There was another crack, and where he had 
stood was a bloodstained, bandaged mummy; its 
sightless face was turned to Parvati and it began to 
walk toward her very slowly, dragging its feet, its stiff 
arms rising — 

“RiddikulusV’ cried Parvati. She opened her mouth wide 
and an unearthly sound filled the room, a long, 
wailing shriek that made the hair on Harry’s head 
stand on end — 

“RiddikulusV’ shouted Seamus. 

“RiddikulusV’ yelled Dean. Then — 

“RiddikulusV’ bellowed Ron, and the spider’s legs 
vanished; it rolled over and over; Lavender Brown 
squealed and ran out of its way and it came to a halt 
at Harry’s feet. 
Then they saw a silvery-white orb hanging in the air 
in front of Lupin, who said, “RiddikulusV’ almost 
lazily. 

“RiddikulusV’ he shouted, and they had a split 
second’s view of Snape in his lacy dress before Neville 
let out a great “Ha!” of laughter, and the boggart 
exploded, burst into a thousand tiny wisps of smoke, 
and was gone. 

“I’ve had an idea, Harry! Give me your glasses, quick!” 

He handed them to her, and as the team watched in 
amazement, Hermione tapped them with her wand 
and said, “Imperviusl” 

“There!” she said, handing them back to Harry. 
The word inside said, “ Dissendium. He held up his 
wand, muttered, “Lumos\” and saw that he was in a 
very narrow, low, earthy passageway. 

Somewhere above him, Hermione whispered, 
“Mobiliarbus\” 

The Christmas tree beside their table rose a few 
inches off the ground, drifted sideways, and landed 
with a soft thump right in front of their table, hiding 
them from view. Dumbledore 
told them that their best chance was the Fidelius 
Charm. “And then, barely a week 
after the Fidelius Charm had been performed — ” 

“Black betrayed them?” breathed Madam Rosmerta. “ EXPECTO 
PATRONUM EXPECTO PATRONUM ” 

The screaming inside Harry’s head had started again 
— except this time, it sounded as though it were 
coming from a badly tuned radio — softer and louder 
and softer again — and he could still see the 
dementor — it had halted — and then a huge, silver 
shadow came bursting out of the end of Harry’s wand, 
to hover between him and the dementor, and though 
Harry’s legs felt like water, he was still on his feet — 
though for how much longer, he wasn’t sure — 

“ RiddikulusV’ roared Lupin, springing forward. Ron pulled out his wand and 
muttered, “Lumos\” 



Page | 285 Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban - J. 

Harry quickly pulled out his wand, muttered, 

“ Dissendium). How do you open the witch’s hump 
again?” 

“You — you tap it and say, ‘Dissendium,’ ” said Harry. 

Harry groped for his wand, blinking blood out of his 
eyes — 

“Lumos\” he whispered. 



“Nox,” they whispered together, and the lights at the 
end of their wands went out. Rowling 




“ ExpelliarmusV’ he croaked, pointing Ron’s wand at 
them. 

“ ExpelliarmusV’ Lupin shouted. Rowling 




“ Expelliarmus\” he yelled — except that his wasn’t the 
only voice that shouted. ” 

He hurried over to Ron, bent down, tapped Ron’s leg 
with his wand, and muttered, “Ferula” 

He muttered, “Mobilicorpus

“ ExpelliarmusV’ Harry yelled, pointing his own wand 
at Pettigrew; Lupin’s wand flew high into the air and 
out of sight. A 
Confundus Charm, to judge by their behavior. 

“Alohomoral” 

The window sprang open. 

“Incendio\” said Mr. Weasley pointed her wand at George’s pocket 
and said, “Acciol” 

Several small, brightly colored objects zoomed out of 
George’s pocket; he made a grab for them but missed, 
and they sped right into Mrs. 

“Acciol Acciol Acciol” she shouted, and toffees zoomed 
from all sorts of unlikely places, including the lining 
of George’s jacket and the turn-ups of Fred’s jeans. 

“Obliviate\” he said sharply, pointing his wand at Mr. 

Ludo whipped out his wand, directed it at his own 
throat, and said “Sonorusl” and then spoke over the 
roar of sound that was now filling the packed 
stadium; his voice echoed over them, booming into 
every corner of the stands. Rowling 




At last, when the Irish team had left the box to 
perform another lap of honor on their brooms (Aidan 
Lynch on the back of Connolly’s, clutching hard 
around his waist and still grinning in a bemused sort 
of way), Bagman pointed his wand at his throat and 
muttered, “Quietus. 
He raised his own wand, pointed it at Winky, and 
said, “Rennervatel” 

Winky stirred feebly. 

“ Prior Incantatol” roared Mr. 

“Deletrius\” Mr. 

“Ronl” said Hermione reproachfully, and she pulled 
out her wand, muttered “ ReparoV ’ and the glass 
shards flew back into a single pane and back into the 
door. He then pointed his wand at it and 
muttered, “Imperio\” 

The spider leapt from Moody’s hand on a fine thread 
of silk and began to swing backward and forward as 
though on a trapeze. “Engorgio\” 

The spider swelled. 

Moody raised his wand again, pointed it at the spider, 
and muttered, “CrucioV’ 

At once, the spider’s legs bent in upon its body; it 
rolled over and began to twitch horribly, rocking from 
side to side. 

“Reducio,” Moody muttered, and the spider shrank 
back to its proper size. 

“Avada Kedavra,” Hermione whispered. 

“Avada Kedavral” Moody roared. 

“Avada Kedavra’s a curse that needs a powerful bit of 
magic behind it — you could all get your wands out 
now and point them at me and say the words, and I 
doubt I’d get so much as a nosebleed. those three curses — Avada Kedavra, 
Imperius, and Cruciatus — are known as the 
Unforgivable Curses. “Fred and George were right, 
weren’t they? He really knows his stuff, Moody, 
doesn’t he? When he did Avada Kedavra, the way that 
spider just died, just snuffed it right — ” 

But Ron fell suddenly silent at the look on Harry’s 
face and didn’t speak again until they reached the 

Page | 243 Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire - J. Moody raised his wand, pointed it at Harry, 
and said, “Imperio\” 

It was the most wonderful feeling. “It would have needed an 
exceptionally strong Confundus Charm to bamboozle 
that goblet into forgetting that only three schools 
compete in the tournament. 

“ FurnunculusV’ Harry yelled. 

“ DensaugeoV’ screamed Malfoy. Ollivander ran his fingers along the wand, 
apparently checking for scratches or bumps; then he 
muttered, “ OrchideousV’ and a bunch of flowers burst 
from the wand tip. 

Avis'. 

“Stupefy\” they shouted in unison, and the Stunning 
Spells shot into the darkness like fiery rockets, 
bursting in showers of stars on the dragons’ scaly 
hides — 

Harry watched the dragon nearest to them teeter 
dangerously on its back legs; its jaws stretched wide 
in a silent howl; its nostrils were suddenly devoid of 
flame, though still smoking — then, very slowly, it 
fell. 

“Diffindol” 

Cedric’s bag split. “Accio Dictionary !” 

The heavy book soared out of Hermione ’s hand, flew 
across the room, and Harry caught it. 

“Accio Firebolti” he shouted. Whoever 
put your name in that goblet shouldn’t be feeling too 
happy right now! I was going to suggest a 
Conjunctivitis Curse, as a dragon’s eyes are its 
weakest point — “That’s what Krum did!” Hermione 
whispered — but your way was better, I’m impressed. As Snape and Filch both turned to look at 
it, Harry threw caution to the winds; he raised his 
arms under the cloak and waved furiously at Moody 
to attract his attention, mouthing “It’s mine! Mine!” 

Snape had reached out for it, a horrible expression of 
dawning comprehension on his face — 

“Accio Parchments 

The map flew up into the air, slipped through Snape ’s 
outstretched fingers, and soared down the stairs into 
Moody’s hand. Rowling 




“Lumos,” Harry whispered fifteen minutes later as he 
opened the library door. 

Bagman gave Harry’s shoulder a quick squeeze and 
returned to the judges’ table; he pointed his wand at 
his throat as he had done at the World Cup, said, 
“Sonorusl” and his voice boomed out across the dark 
water toward the stands. 

“Relashio\” Harry shouted, except that no sound came 
out. ” 

“Lumos,” Dumbledore said, lighting his wand and 
holding it up

“Crucio\” said the cold voice. Harry had soon mastered 
the Impediment Curse, a spell to slow down and 
obstruct attackers; the Reductor Curse, which would 
enable him to blast solid objects out of his way; and 
the Four-Point Spell, a useful discovery of Hermione’s 
that would make his wand point due north, therefore 
enabling him to check whether he was going in the 
right direction within the maze. Bagman now pointed 
his wand at his throat, muttered, “ Sonorus,” and his 
magically magnified voice echoed into the stands. He pulled out his wand, 
muttered, “Lumos,” and heard Cedric do the same 
just behind him. 

“ Point Me,” he whispered to his wand, holding it flat in 
his palm. “You’re a boggart! Riddikulusl” 

There was a loud crack, and the shape-shifter 
exploded in a wisp of smoke. 

“Reductol” he said. He supposed he should have known better; the 
Reductor Curse was for solid objects. 

“Stupefy'. 

“ Impedimental ” Harry yelled. 

“ Crucio \ ” 

The air was suddenly full of Cedric’s yells. When none appeared, he tried the 
Reductor Curse again. 

“ Stupefy]” Harry yelled. “Point Mel” he whispered again to his wand, 
and it spun around and pointed him to the right- 
hand one. 

“Stupefy'. 

“ Stupefy ! Impedimenta ! Stupefy !” 

But it was no use — the spider was either so large, or 
so magical, that the spells were doing no more than 
aggravating it. He could hear Cedric yelling “Stupefy'. ” too, but 
his spell had no more effect than Harry’s — Harry 
raised his wand as the spider opened its pincers once 
more and shouted “ Expelliarmus'Rowling 




spider’s underbelly, as he had done with the skrewt, 
and shouted “Stupefyl” just as Cedric yelled the same 
thing. ” 

A swishing noise and a second voice, which screeched 
the words to the night: “Avada KedavraV’ 

A blast of green light blazed through Harry’s eyelids, 
and he heard something heavy fall to the ground 
beside him; the pain in his scar reached such a pitch 
that he retched, and then it diminished; terrified of 
what he was about to see, he opened his stinging 
eyes

“ Cruciol ” 

The Death Eater on the ground writhed and shrieked; 
Harry was sure the sound must carry to the houses 
around. 

“Crucio\” 

It was pain beyond anything Harry had ever 
experienced; his very bones were on fire; his head was 
surely splitting along his scar; his eyes were rolling 
madly in his head; he wanted it to end . All he had learned 
there was the Disarming Spell, “ Expelliarmus” . the un-blockable 
Avada Kedavra curse — and Voldemort was right — 
his mother was not here to die for him this time. “Answer me! ImperioV’ 

And Harry felt, for the third time in his life, the 
sensation that his mind had been wiped of all 
thought. As Harry shouted, 

“ ExpelliarmusV’ Voldemort cried, “Avada KedavraV’ 

A jet of green light issued from Voldemort’s wand just 
as a jet of red light blasted from Harry’s — they met 
in midair — and suddenly Harry’s wand was vibrating 
as though an electric charge were surging through it; 
his hand seized up around it; he couldn’t have 
released it if he’d wanted to — and a narrow beam of 
light connected the two wands, neither red nor green, 
but bright, deep gold. Gripping his wand 
more tightly, he dashed out from behind the angel — 

“Impedimental” he bellowed, pointing his wand wildly 
over his shoulder at the Death Eaters running at him. 

“Acciol” Harry yelled, pointing his wand at the 
Triwizard Cup. “We’ll see! We’ll see who’s mad, now 
that the Dark Lord has returned, with me at his side! 
He is back, Harry Potter, you did not conquer him — 
and now — I conquer you!” 

Moody raised his wand, he opened his mouth; Harry 
plunged his own hand into his robes — 

“Stupefy\” There was a blinding flash of red light, and 
with a great splintering and crashing, the door of 
Moody’s office was blasted apart — 

Moody was thrown backward onto the office floor. Then 
he pointed his wand at the man’s chest and said, 
“Rennervate. “Who used the Furnunculus Curse?” 

“Me,” said Harry. “Where’s — wand — come on — Lumosl” 

He said the spell automatically, desperate for light to 
help him in his search — and to his disbelieving 
relief, light flared inches from his right hand — the 
wand tip had ignited. 

“Expecto PatronumV’ 

His voice sounded dim and distant. 
“Lumos. That could do with a bit of 
cleaning, too — Scourgify — ” She pointed her wand at 
Hedwig’s cage; a few feathers and droppings 
vanished. 

Bill took out his wand, muttered “Evanescol” and the 
scrolls vanished. “Something 
worse than the Avada Kedavra — ?” 

“That’s enough. riddikulus\ 
Riddikulusl RIDDIKULUSl” 

Crack. Pulling out his own wand he said, very firmly 
and clearly, “ RiddikulusV’ 

Harry’s body vanished. Evanesco. 

“Reparo,” Harry muttered, pointing his wand at the 
broken pieces of china. ” 

Harry pointed his wand at the bullfrog that had been 
hopping hopefully toward the other side of the table 
— “Acciol ” — and it zoomed gloomily back into his 
handSilenciol” 

The bullfrog on which she was practicing her 
Silencing Charm was struck dumb mid-croak and 
glared at her reproachfully. Rowling 




“Silenciol” said Hermione hastily, pointing her wand 
at Harry’s frog, which deflated silently before them. Silenciol” 

The large and ugly raven in front of him let out a 
derisive caw. 

“ Silenciol SILENCIO” 

The raven cawed more loudly. “Silencio\” 
The raven continued to open and close its sharp beak, 
but no sound came out. 
“Er — Silenciol” 

He jabbed at the bullfrog so hard that he poked it in 
the eye; the frog gave a deafening croak and leapt off 
the desk. He pulled out his wand, 
tapped his glasses and said, “Imperviusl” 

“I think we all ought to try that,” said Angelina. “If we 
could just keep the rain off our faces it would really 
help visibility — all together, come on — Imperviusl 
Okay. 

They squelched through the deepening mud to the 
middle of the pitch; visibility was still very poor even 
with the Impervius Charm; light was fading fast and 
curtains of rain were sweeping the grounds. 

“Right,” said Harry, when she had sat down again, 
“shall we get practicing then? I was thinking, the first 
thing we should do is Expelliarmus, you know, the 
Disarming Charm. “I don’t think Expelliarmus is 
exactly going to help us against You-Know-Who, do 
you?” 

“I’ve used it against him,” said Harry quietly. “Right — 
on the count of three, then — one, two, three — ” 

The room was suddenly full of shouts of 
“Expelliarmusl”: Wands flew in all directions, missed 
spells hit books on shelves and sent them flying into 
the air. 

“Expelliarmusl” said Neville, and Harry, caught 
unawares, felt his wand fly out of his hand. Rowling 




everybody stopped shouting, “ Expelliarmusl” and the 
last couple of wands clattered to the floor. were resisting her under her 
very nose, doing the very thing that she and the 
Ministry most feared, and whenever he was supposed 
to be reading Wilbert Slinkhard’s book during her 
lessons he dwelled instead on satisfying memories of 
their most recent meetings, remembering how Neville 
had successfully disarmed Hermione, how Colin 
Creevey had mastered the Impediment Jinx after 
three meetings’ hard effort, how Parvati Patil had 
produced such a good Reductor Curse that she had 
reduced the table carrying all the Sneakoscopes to 
dust. The room was soon full of 
intermittent cries of “ Impedimental ” People froze for a 
minute or so, during which their partners would stare 
aimlessly around the room watching other pairs at 
work, then would unfreeze and take their turn at the 
jinx. He raised his wand and murmured “Portus”; 
for a moment the kettle trembled, glowing with an odd 
blue light, then it quivered to a rest, as solidly black 
as ever. 
Accio Butterbeeri” 

He raised his wand as he spoke and half a dozen 
bottles came flying toward them out of the pantry, 
skidded along the table, scattering the debris of 

Page | 609Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix - J. 

The Healer pointed her wand at the door of the Janus 
Thickey ward and muttered “Alohomora. LegilimensV’ 

Snape had struck before Harry was ready, before 
Harry had even begun to summon any force of 
resistance: the office swam in front of his eyes and 
vanished, image after image was racing through his 
mind like a flickering film so vivid it blinded him to 
his surroundings. one — two 
— three — Legilimensl” 

A great black dragon was rearing in front of him. “Control 
your anger, discipline your mind! We shall try again! 
Get ready, now! Legilimens\” 

He was watching Uncle Vernon hammering the letter 
box shut. “One — two — three — 
LegilimensV’ 

A hundred dementors were swooping toward Harry 
across the lake in the grounds. 

“Protegol” 

Snape staggered; his wand flew upward, away from 
Harry — and suddenly Harry’s mind was teeming 
with memories that were not his — a hook-nosed man 
was shouting at a cowering woman, while a small 
dark-haired boy cried in a corner. 

“Reparo\” hissed Snape, and the jar sealed itself once 
more. “One — two — ” 

Harry did not have time to gather himself together 
and attempt to clear his mind, for Snape had already 
cried “ Legilimens\” 

He was hurtling along the corridor toward the 
Department of Mysteries, past the blank stone walls, 

Page | 755Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix - J. “They’ll be 
all over the school unless we do something — 

Stupefy]” 

A jet of red light shot out of the end of her wand and 
hit one of the rockets. 
“That means you too, Stebbins! Please remain seated 
while I collect your parchment! Acciol” 

More than a hundred rolls of parchment zoomed into 
the air and into Professor Flitwick’s outstretched 
arms, knocking him backward off his feet. 



Snape reacted so fast it was as though he had been 
expecting an attack: Dropping his bag, he plunged his 
hand inside his robes, and his wand was halfway into 
the air when James shouted, “ ExpelliarmusV’ 

Snape ’s wand flew twelve feet into the air and fell with 
a little thud in the grass behind him. 

“ Impedimental ” he said, pointing his wand at Snape, 
who was knocked off his feet, halfway through a dive 
toward his own fallen wand. 

“ Scourgifyl” 

Pink soap bubbles streamed from Snape’s mouth at 
once; the froth was covering his lips, making him gag, 
choking him — 

“Leave him ALONE!” 

James and Sirius looked around. Disentangling himself from his robes, he got 
quickly to his feet, wand up, but Sirius said, 

“Petrificus Totalusl” and Snape keeled over again at 
once, rigid as a board. “So even if she’s 
bewitched the door so Alohomora won’t work, which I 
bet she has — ” 

“What do you think about this?” Hermione demanded 
of Ron, and Harry was reminded irresistibly of Mrs. 

And before Umbridge could say a word, they raised 
their wands and said together, “Accio BroomsV’ 



Page | 861Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix - J. 

“Reparo\” said Hermione quickly, mending Ron’s cup 
with a wave of her wand. They both murmured “Lumos\” and their wand 
tips ignited. 

“Expecto Patronum). heard the high, cold 
voice say, “ Cruciol ” 

The man on the floor let out a scream of pain, 
attempted to stand but fell back, writhing. “Beasts! Uncontrolled animals!” 

“Be quiet!” shouted Hermione, but it was too late — 
Umbridge pointed her wand at Magorian and 
screamed, “ Incarcerousl” 

Ropes flew out of midair like thick snakes, wrapping 
themselves tightly around the centaur’s torso and 
trapping his arms. “ FlagrateV’ 

She drew with her wand in midair and a fiery X 
appeared on the door. She 
pointed her wand at the place where a lock would 
have been on an ordinary door and said, “Alohomora\” 

Nothing happened. “I give you this — prophecy, is 
it? And you’ll just let us skip off home, will you?” 

The words were hardly out of his mouth when the 
female Death Eater shrieked, “Accio Proph — ” 

Harry was just ready for her. He shouted “Protego\” 
before she had finished her spell, and though the 
glass sphere slipped to the tips of his fingers he 
managed to cling on to it. Something heavy struck him on the side 
of the face but he merely ducked his head and 
sprinted onward; a hand caught him by the shoulder; 
he heard Hermione shout “Stupefy\” and the hand 
released him at once. Rowling 




“ Colloportus\” gasped Hermione and the door sealed 
itself with an odd squelching noise. “Alohomora\” 

As the door flew open, Harry, Hermione, and Neville 
dived under desks. 

“Accio Wand\” cried Hermione. Rowling 




“ Silenciol ” cried Hermione, and the man’s voice was 
extinguished. 

“Petrificus Totalusl” shouted Harry, as the second 
Death Eater raised his wand. 

“Anyway, one of them grabbed Ginny’s foot, I used the 
Reductor Curse and blew up Pluto in his face, but . 



“ Colloportus\” shouted Harry, and he heard three 
bodies slam into the door on the other side. 

“ Colloportusl” 

There were footsteps running along behind the doors; 

every now and then another heavy body would launch 

itself against one, so it creaked and shuddered. 

“Honest, Harry, they’re brains — look — Accio Brain\” 

The scene seemed momentarily frozen. 

“Diffindol” yelled Harry, trying to sever the feelers 
wrapping themselves tightly around Ron before his 
eyes, but they would not break. “Cruciol” 

Neville screamed, his legs drawn up to his chest so 
that the Death Eater holding him was momentarily 
holding him off the ground. “Now, Potter — ” 

He made the same slashing movement with his wand 
that he had used on Hermione just as Harry yelled, 
“Protego\” 

Harry felt something streak across his face like a 
blunt knife but the force of it knocked him sideways, 
and he fell over Neville’s jerking legs, but the Shield 
Charm had stopped the worst of the spell. “Accio Proph — ” 

Sirius hurtled out of nowhere, rammed Dolohov with 
his shoulder, and sent him flying out of the way. Malfoy pointed the wand instead at 
Neville, but Harry jabbed his own wand back over his 
shoulder and yelled, “Impedimental” 

Malfoy was blasted off his back. He flung himself out from behind the fountain 
and bellowed “CrucioV’ 

Bellatrix screamed. She screamed, “Cruciol” and he was forced 
to duck down again as the centaur’s arm, holding its 
bow, spun off and landed with a crash on the floor a 
short distance from the golden wizard’s head. “I was and am the 
Dark Lord’s most loyal servant, I learned the Dark 
Arts from him, and I know spells of such power that 
you, pathetic little boy, can never hope to compete — ” 

“Stupefy\” yelled Harry. 

“Protegol” 

The jet of red light, his own Stunning Spell, bounced 
back at him. “YOU’VE GOT IT, POTTER, 
AND YOU WILL GIVE IT TO ME — Accio Prophecy ! 
ACCIO PROPHECY !” 

Harry laughed again because he knew it would 
incense her, the pain building in his head so badly he 
thought his skull might burst. He pointed his 
wand at it and muttered, “Portus. “But I 
am a sufficiently accomplished Legilimens myself to 
know when I am being lied to and I — persuaded him 

— to tell me the full story, before I left for the 
Department of Mysteries. ” 

“You think he is mistaken? Or that I have somehow 
hoodwinked him? Fooled the Dark Lord, the greatest 
wizard, the most accomplished Legilimens the world 
has ever seen?” 

Bellatrix said nothing, but looked, for the first time, a 
little discomfited

“Lumos. What had Malfoy 
wanted to hide from Pansy? Was he about to see the 
mysterious broken object it was so important to 
mend? 

“Petrificus Totalusl” 

Without warning, Malfoy pointed his wand at Harry, 
who was instantly paralyzed. Then he remembered that some wizards, 
like Dumbledore, could perform spells without 
speaking, so he tried to summon his wand, which had 
fallen out of his hand, by saying the words “Accio 
Wand\” over and over again in his head, but nothing 
happened. Rowling 




“Episkey,” said Tonks. 

“Alohomora\” he said confidently, pointing his wand at 
the padlock, but nothing happened. “Come here 



She raised her wand, said “Tergeol” and siphoned off 
the dried blood. “Here 
— let me show you — ” 

He turned his wand on Harry so fast that Harry 
reacted instinctively; all thought of nonverbal spells 
forgotten, he yelled, “Protegol” 

His Shield Charm was so strong Snape was knocked 
off-balance and hit a desk. 

“ Specialis Revelio\” she said, rapping it smartly on the 
front cover. Gaunt 
screamed, “Mend it, you pointless lump, mend it!” 

Merope stumbled across the room, but before she had 
time to raise her wand, Ogden had lifted his own and 
said firmly, “Reparo. 

Both Harry and Ogden yelled “No!” at the same time; 
Ogden raised his wand and cried, “Relashiol” Gaunt 
was thrown backward, away from his daughter; he 
tripped over a chair and fell flat on his back. 
“And we’re supposed to be practicing that Aguamenti 
Charm from Flitwick! Anyway, explain what? How are 
we going to tell him we hated his stupid subject?” 

“We didn’t hate it!” said Hermione. “I’m keeping it! Look, I’ve 
thought it out — ” 

He pulled the old copy of Advanced Potion-Making out 
of his bag and tapped the cover with his wand, 
muttering, “Diffindol” The cover fell off. He then swapped the covers, 
tapped each, and said, “Reparo\” 



Page | 246 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince - J. There had been a hex that caused 
toenails to grow alarmingly fast (he had tried this on 
Crabbe in the corridor, with very entertaining results); 
a jinx that glued the tongue to the roof of the mouth 
(which he had twice used, to general applause, on an 
unsuspecting Argus Filch); and, perhaps most useful 
of all, Muffliato, a spell that filled the ears of anyone 
nearby with an unidentifiable buzzing, so that lengthy 
conversations could be held in class without being 
overheard. The only person who did not find these 
charms amusing was Hermione, who maintained a 
rigidly disapproving expression throughout and 
refused to talk at all if Harry had used the Muffliato 
spell on anyone in the vicinity. There were many crossings-out and 
alterations, but finally, crammed into a corner of the 
page, the scribble: 

Levicorpus (nvbl) 

Page | 266 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince - J. 

Pointing his wand at nothing in particular, he gave it 
an upward flick and said Levicorpusl inside his head. “Hang on — I’ll let you 
down — ” 

He groped for the potion book and riffled through it in 
a panic, trying to find the right page; at last he 
located it and deciphered one cramped word 
underneath the spell: Praying that this was the 
counter-jinx, Harry thought Liberacorpus\ with all his 
might. 

“Okay, Professor, we’re starting now!” said Ron, 
adding quietly, when she had turned away again, 
“should’ve used Muffliato, Harry. 

“Reparo,” he said hastily, poking the pieces with his 
wand, and the bowl sprang back together again. “You prat, Ron, 
look at the state of her!” 

“I can fix that,” said Harry, landing beside the two 
girls, pointing his wand at Demelza’s mouth, and 
saying “Episkey. One of them was 
Levicorpus — ” 

“Oh, that one had a great vogue during my time at 
Hogwarts,” said Lupin reminiscently. As far as I 
am aware, they do not know to this day how the 
Riddles died, for the Avada Kedavra curse does not 
usually leave any sign of damage. Ernie Macmillan, however, was 
muttering, “Specialis Reveliol” over his cauldron, 
which sounded impressive, so Harry and Ron 
hastened to imitate him. 

Harry reacted instinctively; his wand was out of his 
pocket and the incantation sprang to mind without 
conscious thought: Levicorpus\ 

Ron yelled as his heel was wrenched upward once 
more; he dangled helplessly, upside down, his robes 
hanging off him. Rowling 




Harry pointed his wand hastily at the door of Madam 
Pomfrey’s office and muttered, “MuffliatoV’ so that she 
would not come running. 

“Yeah, I did,” said Harry, glancing toward Madam 
Pomfrey’s office door to check that the Muffliato spell 
was still working; there was no sign that she had 
heard any of the commotion. Rowling 



She tapped the broken scales with her wand and 
said, “Reparo. He had just found an incantation 
(“ Sectumsempral”) scrawled in a margin above the 
intriguing words “For Enemies,” and was itching to 



Page | 503 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince - J. Rowling 






SECTUMSEMPRA 

Exhausted but delighted with his night’s work, Harry 
told Ron and Hermione everything that had happened 
during next morning’s Charms lesson (having first 
cast the Muffliato spell upon those nearest them). 

Harry was about to put his book away again when he 
noticed the corner of a page folded down; turning to 
it, he saw the Sectumsempra spell, captioned “For 
Enemies,” that he had marked a few weeks 

Page | 581 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince - J. Malfoy’s hex 
missed Harry by inches, shattering the lamp on the 
wall beside him; Harry threw himself sideways, 
thought Levicorpus\ and flicked his wand, but Malfoy 
blocked the jinx and raised his wand for another — 

“No! No! Stop it!” squealed Moaning Myrtle, her voice 
echoing loudly around the tiled room. “But you can’t call that 
Sectumsempra spell good, Ginny, look where it’s 
landed him! And I’d have thought, seeing what this 
has done to your chances in the match — ” 

“Oh, don’t start acting as though you understand 
Quidditch,” snapped Ginny, “you’ll only embarrass 
yourself. 

“Lumos,” said Dumbledore, as he reached the boulder 
closest to the cliff face. ” 

Harry had not expected this, but cleared his throat 
and said loudly, wand aloft, “Accio Horcruxl” 

With a noise like an explosion, something very large 
and pale erupted out of the dark water some twenty 
feet away; before Harry could see what it was, it had 
vanished again with a crashing splash that made 
great, deep ripples on the mirrored surface“No,” said 
Harry, shaking Dumbledore, “no, you’re not dead, you 
said it wasn’t poison, wake up, wake up — 
Rennervatel” he cried, his wand pointing at 
Dumbledore’s chest; there was a flash of red light but 
nothing happened. 

“Aguamenti\” he shouted, jabbing the goblet with his 
wand. 

“But I had some — wait — AguamentiV’ said Harry 
again, pointing his wand at the goblet. 
“Aguamenti — Aguamenti — A GUAMENTP. 

“Petrificus Totalusl” yelled Harry, struggling to cling to 
the smooth, soaked surface of the island as he 
pointed his wand at the Inferius that had his arm: It 
released him, falling backward into the water with a 
splash; he scrambled to his feet, but many more Inferi 
were already climbing onto the rock, their bony hands 
clawing at its slippery surface, their blank, frosted 
eyes upon him, trailing waterlogged rags, sunken 
faces leering. 

“Petrificus Totalusl” Harry bellowed again, backing 
away as he swiped his wand through the air; six or 
seven of them crumpled, but more were coming 
toward him. “Impedimental Incarcerousl ” 

A few of them stumbled, one or two of them bound in 
ropes, but those climbing onto the rock behind them 
merely stepped over or on the fallen bodies. Still 
slashing at the air with his wand, Harry yelled, 

“ Sectumsempral SECTUMSEMPRAl” 

But though gashes appeared in their sodden rags and 
their icy skin, they had no blood to spill: They walked 
on, unfeeling, their shrunken hands outstretched 

Page | 647 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince - J. 

“Accio Rosmerta’s Broomsl” 

A second later they heard a loud bang as the front 
door of the pub burst open; two brooms had shot out 
into the street and were racing each other to Harry’s 
side, where they stopped dead, quivering slightly at 
waist height. 

The door burst open and somebody erupted through 
it and shouted, “Expelliarmus\” 

Harry’s body became instantly rigid and immobile, 
and he felt himself fall back against the tower wall, 

Page | 656 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince - J. He could not understand how it had happened 
— Expelliarmus was not a Freezing Charm — 

Then, by the light of the Mark, he saw Dumbledore ’s 
wand flying in an arc over the edge of the ramparts 
and understood. I don’t even know why the Dark Lord’s 
bothering to kill yer! Come on, Draco, do it!” 

But at that moment there were renewed sounds of 
scuffling from below and a voice shouted, “ They’ve 
blocked the stairs — Reductol REDUCTOl” 

Harry’s heart leapt: So these four had not eliminated 
all opposition, but merely broken through the fight to 
the top of the tower, and, by the sound of it, created a 
barrier behind them — 

“Now, Draco, quickly!” said the brutal-faced man 
angrily. 

“Avada KedavraV’ 

A jet of green light shot from the end of Snape’s wand 
and hit Dumbledore squarely in the chest. 

“Petrificus Totalusl” 

The Death Eater buckled as though hit in the back 
with something solid and fell to the ground, rigid as a 
waxwork, but he had barely hit the floor when Harry 



Page | 671 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince - J. He was on top of Harry 
before Harry could raise his wand: Harry fell 
backward, with filthy matted hair in his face, the 
stench of sweat and blood filling his nose and mouth, 
hot greedy breath at his throat — 

“Petrificus Totalusl” 

Harry felt Fenrir collapse against him; with a 
stupendous effort he pushed the werewolf off and 
onto the floor as a jet of green light came flying 
toward him; he ducked and ran, headfirst, into the 
fight. Rowling 




she dodged them: Amycus was giggling, enjoying the 
sport: “Crucio — Crucio — you can’t dance forever, 
pretty — ” 

“Impedimenta). 

“Impedimenta). Snape and Malfoy, however, were 
still running; they would soon be beyond the gates, 
able to Disapparate — 

Harry tore past Hagrid and his opponent, took aim at 
Snape’s back, and yelled, “Stupefy\” 

He missed; the jet of red light soared past Snape’s 
head; Snape shouted, “Run, Draco\” and turned. 

“Cruc — ” 

But Snape parried the curse, knocking Harry 
backward off his feet before he could complete it; 
Harry rolled over and scrambled back up again as the 
huge Death Eater behind him yelled, “Incendiol” Harry 
heard an explosive bang and a dancing orange light 
spilled over all of them: Hagrid’s house was on fire. 

“We should put out your house,” said Harry, “the 
charm’s ‘Aguamenti’ . ” 

“Knew it was summat like that,” mumbled Hagrid, 
and he raised a smoldering pink, flowery umbrella 
and said, “Aguamenti\” 

A jet of water flew out of the umbrella tipHarry 
raised his wand arm, which felt like lead, and 
murmured “Aguamenti’ too: Together, he and Hagrid 
poured water on the house until the last flame was 
extinguished. 
Harry remembered how Snape had mended Malfoy’s 
Sectumsempra wounds so easily with his wand. The Avada Kedavra. ” 

“We tried everything, Lumos, Incendio,” said Ginny“He knew when I used 
Sectumsempra. No doubt a Confundus Charm 
has been placed upon Dawlish. 

“Avada Kedavra. 
Wriggling around he cried, “Stupefy\” and a red bolt of 
light shot from his own wand, cleaving a gap between 
the four pursuing Death Eaters as they scattered to 
avoid it. 

“Hagrid! No! Let me!” 

“REPAROl” 

There was a deafening bang and the sidecar broke 
away from the bike completely: Harry sped forward, 
propelled by the impetus of the bike’s flight, then the 
sidecar began to lose height — 

In desperation Harry pointed his wand at the sidecar 
and shouted, “Wingardium Leviosal” 

The sidecar rose like a cork, unsteerable but at least 
still airborne: He had but a split second’s relief, 
however, as more curses streaked past him: The three 
Death Eaters were closing in. 

“I’m cornin’, Harry!” Hagrid yelled from out of the 
darkness, but Harry could feel the sidecar beginning 
to sink again: Crouching as low as he could, he 
pointed at the middle of the oncoming figures and 
yelled, “Impedimental” 

The jinx hit the middle Death Eater in the chest: For 
a moment the man was absurdly spread-eagled in 
midair as though he had hit an invisible barrier: One 
of his fellows almost collided with him — 

Then the sidecar began to fall in earnest, and the 
remaining Death Eater shot a curse so close to Harry 
that he had to duck below the rim of the car, 
knocking out a tooth on the edge of his seat — 

“I’m cornin’, Harry, I’m cornin’!” 



Page | 63 



Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows - J. As they soared upward, away from 
the two remaining Death Eaters, Harry spat blood out 
of his mouth, pointed his wand at the falling sidecar, 
and yelled, “Confringo\” 

He knew a dreadful, gut-wrenching pang for Hedwig 
as it exploded; the Death Eater nearest it was blasted 
off his broom and fell from sight; his companion fell 
back and vanished. He shot another 
blocking jinx at them: The closest Death Eater 
swerved to avoid it and his hood slipped, and by the 
red light of his next Stunning Spell, Harry saw the 
strangely blank face of Stanley Shunpike — Stan — 

“ ExpelliarmusV’ Harry yelled. “Hagrid — Accio Hagridl” 

The motorbike sped up, sucked toward the earth. Rowling 




“We were hundreds of feet up! Stan’s not himself, and 
if I Stunned him and he’d fallen, he’d have died the 
same as if I’d used Avada Kedavra! Expelliarmus 
saved me from Voldemort two years ago,” Harry added 
defiantly. 

“Of course not,” said Lupin, “but the Death Eaters — 
frankly, most people! — would have expected you to 
attack back! Expelliarmus is a useful spell, Harry, but 
the Death Eaters seem to think it is your signature 
move, and I urge you not to let it become so!” 

Lupin was making Harry feel idiotic, and yet there 
was still a grain of defiance inside him. Sectumsempra 
was always a specialty of Snape’s. 

“And as there are around twenty of us, that greatly 
dilutes the power of the Fidelius Charm. Hastily pulling 
out his wand, he pointed it at the rag and said, 

“ Tergeo . You know — Accio. ” 

“Wow — that’s right, I forgot! I’m seventeen!” 

Harry seized the wand lying beside his camp bed, 
pointed it at the cluttered desk where he had left his 
glasses, and said, “Accio Glasses!” Although they were 
only around a foot away, there was something 
immensely satisfying about seeing them zoom toward 
him, at least until they poked him in the eye

“ Muffliato,” she whispered, waving her wand in the 
direction of the stairs. “Ron, where are you?” 

As they pushed their way across the dance floor, 
Harry saw cloaked and masked figures appearing in 
the crowd; then he saw Lupin and Tonks, their wands 
raised, and heard both of them shout, “Protego\”, a 
cry that was echoed on all sides — 



Page | 180 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows - J. 

The force of the Death Eaters’ spells shattered the 
tiled wall where Ron’s head had just been, as Harry, 
still invisible, yelled, “Stupefyl” 

The great blond Death Eater was hit in the face by a 
jet of red light: He slumped sideways, unconscious. 

“Petrificus TotalusV’ screamed Hermione from out of 
sight, and the Death Eater fell forward like a statue to 
land with a crunching thud on the mess of broken 
china, table, and coffee. “Oh, I’m so sorry, Ron, my 
hand’s shaking! Diffindol” 

The severed ropes fell away. ” 

She took a deep, calming breath, then pointed her 
wand at Dolohov’s forehead and said, “Obliviate
On the landing he whispered, “Lumos,” and started to 
climb the stairs by wandlight. Hermione pointed her wand at the handle 
and said, “Alohomora. She raised her 
wand and said, “Accio Locked. She was standing with 
one foot in midair, with the dumbstruck look of one 
who had just been Obliviated; her eyes had even 
drifted out of focus. 

“Expelliarmusl” 

Mundungus ’s wand soared into the air, and Hermione 
caught it. Rowling 




“Aguamenti\” screamed Hermione, and a jet of water 
streamed from her wand, engulfing a spluttering and 
choking Mundungus. Rowling 




“Try Finite Incantatem,” said Hermione at once, “that 
should stop the rain if it’s a hex or curse; if it doesn’t, 
something’s gone wrong with an Atmospheric Charm, 
which will be more difficult to fix, so as an interim 
measure try Impervius to protect his belongings — ” 

“Say it again, slowly — ” said Ron, searching his 
pockets desperately for a quill, but at that moment 
the lift juddered to a halt. The silence pressed upon him: 
There was no bustling or talk or swift footsteps here; 
the purple-carpeted corridors were as hushed as 
though the Muffliato charm had been cast over the 
place. Then he turned to face the room again, 
raised his wand, and murmured, “Accio Locket. He 
thought of casting the Muffliato charm upon 
Umbridge and Yaxley, but even murmuring the word 
might cause Hermione alarm. He raised his wand, not even 
troubling to keep it concealed beneath the Invisibility 
Cloak, and said, “Stupefyl” 

There was a flash of red light; Umbridge crumpled 
and her forehead hit the edge of the balustrade: Mrs. 
He tried to draw his own wand, but too late: 

“Stupefyl” 

Yaxley slid to the ground to lie curled on the floor. 
Diffindol” Nothing happened. Rowling 




“I know that, Harry, but if she wakes up and the 
locket’s gone — I need to duplicate it — Geminio\ 
There . Relashiol” 

The chains clinked and withdrew into the arms of the 
chair. 

“Accio Dittany\” 

A small brown bottle zoomed out of the bag; he 
caught it and hastened back to Hermione and Ron, 
whose eyes were now half-closed, strips of white 
eyeball all that were visible between his lids. I — I forced him to let go with 
a Revulsion Jinx, but I’d already taken him inside the 
Fidelius Charm’s protection. 

“Salvio Hexia . Protego Totalum . Repello Muggletum 
. Muffliato . 

“You cast the Muffliato charm over us, right?” he 
whispered to Hermione. 

“I did everything,” she whispered back, “Muffliato, 
Muggle-Repelling and Disillusionment Charms, all of 
it. 

“There ought to be a few salmon in here, or d’you 
reckon it’s too early in the season? Accio Salmon). 

“Protego\” she cried, and an invisible shield expanded 
between her and Harry on the one side and Ron on 
the other; all of them were forced backward a few 
steps by the strength of the spell, and Harry and Ron 
glared from either side of the transparent barrier as 
though they were seeing each other clearly for the 
first time. He was 
not even sure whether he would be able to see the 
cottage at all; he did not know what happened when 
the subjects of a Fidelius Charm died. oh!” 

He could see it; the Fidelius Charm must have died 
with James and Lily. As Bathilda fumbled with logs for the 
fire, he muttered “ Tergeo ”: The dust vanished from 
the photographs, and he saw at once that half a 
dozen were missing from the largest and most ornate 
frames. 

“Lumos,” said Harry, and his wand ignited. ” 

“Accio Accio Wand . Everything 
was chaos: It smashed shelves from the wall, and 
splintered china flew everywhere as Harry jumped 
over the bed and seized the dark shape he knew to be 
Hermione — 

She shrieked with pain as he pulled her back across 
the bed: The snake reared again, but Harry knew that 
worse than the snake was coming, was perhaps 
already at the gate, his head was going to split open 
with the pain from his scar — 

The snake lunged as he took a running leap, dragging 
Hermione with him; as it struck, Hermione screamed, 

“ ConfringoV’ and her spell flew around the room, 
exploding the wardrobe mirror and ricocheting back 
at them, bouncing from floor to ceiling; Harry felt the 
heat of it sear the back of his hand. 

And along a new and darker street he moved, and 
now his destination was in sight at last, the Fidelius 
Charm broken, though they did not know it yet. 

“Avada Kedavra!” 

The green light filled the cramped hallway, it lit the 
pram pushed against the wall, it made the banisters 
glare like lightning rods, and James Potter fell like a 
marionette whose strings were cut. He did not like it crying, he 
had never been able to stomach the small ones 
whining in the orphanage — 

“Avada Kedavra!” 

And then he broke: He was nothing, nothing but pain 
and terror, and he must hide himself, not here in the 
rubble of the ruined house, where the child was 
trapped and screaming, but far away . ” 

“Harry, I don’t think, when it’s broken like this — ” 
“Please, Hermione, try!” 

“R-Reparo

“Lumosl” 



Page | 393 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows - J. 

“ Expelliarmusl” 

Hermione ’s wand gave a little jerk, but did not leave 
her hand. 

“Lumos\” he whispered, and the wand-tip ignited. 

He pointed the wand at the silvery shape and 
murmured, “Accio Sword. Rowling 




“Diffindo. 

“Protegol” 

The invisible shield erupted between Ron and 
Hermione: The force of it knocked her backward onto 
the floor. 

“Engorgio. 

“Sorry — Reducio. 

“Obliviate\” cried Hermione, pointing her wand first 
into his face, then at the floor beneath them. 

“Protego Totalum . Salvio Hexia . Rowling 




“Stupefyl” she screamed. “Stupefyl” 



They were no match for her, even though there were 
four of them against one of her: She was a witch, as 
Harry knew, with prodigious skill and no conscience. 

“Relashiol” said Ron, pointing the wand at the silver 
hand, but nothing happened; Pettigrew dropped to his 
knees, and at the same moment, Hermione gave a 
dreadful scream from overhead. Rowling 




“NOOOOOOOOOOOO!” 



Ron had burst into the drawing room; Bellatrix looked 
around, shocked; she turned her wand to face Ron 
instead — 

“ ExpelliarmusV’ he roared, pointing Wormtail’s wand 
at Bellatrix, and hers flew into the air and was caught 
by Harry, who had sprinted after Ron. Lucius, 
Narcissa, Draco, and Greyback wheeled about; Harry 
yelled, “Stupefy\” and Lucius Malfoy collapsed onto 
the hearth. 

As Ron ran to pull Hermione out of the wreckage, 
Harry took his chance: He leapt over an armchair and 
wrested the three wands from Draco’s grip, pointed all 
of them at Greyback, and yelled, “Stupefyl” The 
werewolf was lifted off his feet by the triple spell, flew 
up to the ceiling, and then smashed to the ground. Rowling 




“Fidelius Charm. 

“Shall we go, then?” 

All three of them glanced back at Shell Cottage, lying 
dark and silent under the fading stars, then turned 
and began to walk toward the point, just beyond the 
boundary wall, where the Fidelius Charm stopped 
working and they would be able to Disapparate. 

“Act now, act now,” whispered Griphook in Harry’s 
ear, “the Imperius Cursel” 

Harry raised the hawthorn wand beneath the cloak, 
pointed it at the old goblin, and whispered, for the 
first time in his life, “Imperiol” 

A curious sensation shot down Harry’s arm, a feeling 
of tingling warmth that seemed to flow from his mind, 
down the sinews and veins connecting him to the 
wand and the curse it had just cast. Rowling 




how could you have done, which wandmaker did you 
use?” 

Harry acted without thinking: Pointing his wand at 
Travers, he muttered, “Imperiol” once more. 

“Imperio\” 

The wizard turned and set off along the dark track at 
a smart pace. And we need the 
Clankers!” 

“Imperiol” Harry said again; his voice echoed through 
the stone passage as he felt again the sense of heady 
control that flowed from brain to wand. 

“Harry, I think I can hear people coming!” said 
Hermione, and she pointed Bellatrix’s wand at the 
waterfall and cried, “Protego\” They saw the Shield 
Charm break the flow of enchanted water as it flew up 
the passageway. “Light your 
wands, can’t you? And hurry, we have very little 
time!” 

“Lumosl” 

Harry shone his lit wand around the vault: Its beam 
fell upon glittering jewels; he saw the fake sword of 
Gryffindor lying on a high shelf amongst a jumble of 
chains. 

“Accio Cup\” cried Hermione, who had evidently 
forgotten in her desperation what Griphook had told 
them during their planning sessions. 

“Hermione,” said Harry as the clanking grew louder, 
“I’ve got to get up there, we’ve got to get rid of it — ” 

She raised her wand, pointed it at Harry, and 
whispered, “Levicorpus. 

“Impervius\” screeched Hermione in an attempt to 
protect herself, Ron, and the goblins from the burning 
metal. Rowling 




“Liberacorpus\” yelled Harry, and with a crash he and 
Griphook landed on the surface of the swelling 
treasure, and the sword flew out of Harry’s hand. 

“Stupefyl” he bellowed, and Ron and Hermione joined 
in: Jets of red light flew into the crowd of goblins, and 
some toppled over, but others advanced, and Harry 
saw several wizard guards running around the 
corner. Pointing his wand at the 
thick cuffs chaining the beast to the floor, he yelled, 
“Relashiol” 

The cuffs broke open with loud bangs. 

“Accio Cloak). Rowling 




was of Ron and Hermione that he thought as he 
whispered, “Expecto Patronum). 
“Stag! You idiot — Expecto Patronum . Rowling 




As Amycus spun around, Harry shouted, “Crucio\” 



The Death Eater was lifted off his feet. Before Harry or Luna 
could act, Professor McGonagall rose to her feet, 
pointed her wand at the groggy Death Eater, and 
said, “Imperio. Have you got any idea where the diadem of 
Ravenclaw is?” 

“ — Protego Horribilis — the diadem of Ravenclaw?” 
squeaked Flitwick. 

“ Accio Diadem). “What’s going — no, 

Potter! Cruciol” 

Harry had lunged for the tiara; Crabbe’s curse missed 
him but hit the stone bust, which flew into the air; 

Page | 712 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows - J. 

“It’s that Mudblood! Avada Kedavral” 

Harry saw Hermione dive aside, and his fury that 
Crabbe had aimed to kill wiped all else from his mind. 

“ Expelliarmusl” 

Goyle ’s wand flew out of his hand and disappeared 
into the bulwark of objects beside him; Goyle leapt 
foolishly on the spot, trying to retrieve it; Malfoy 
jumped out of range of Hermione ’s second Stunning 
Spell, and Ron, appearing suddenly at the end of the 
Page | 713 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows - J. 

“Aguamenti\” Harry bawled, but the jet of water that 
soared from the tip of his wand evaporated in the air. 

“Duro\” cried Hermione, pointing her wand at the 
tapestry, and there were two loud, sickening crunches 
as the tapestry turned to stone and the Death Eaters 
pursuing them crumpled against it. “Are you a wizard, or what?” 

“Oh — right — yeah — ” 

Ron looked around, then directed his wand at a twig 
on the ground and said, “Wingardium Leviosal” The 
twig flew up from the ground, spun through the air as 
if caught by a gust of wind, then zoomed directly at 
the trunk through the Willow’s ominously swaying 
branches. With difficulty he 
dragged it over himself, murmured, “Nox,” 
extinguishing his wandlight, and continued on his 
hands and knees, as silently as possible, all his 
senses straining, expecting every second to be 
discovered, to hear a cold clear voice, see a flash of 
green light. “Expecto Patronuml” 

From the tip of his wand burst the silver doe: She 
landed on the office floor, bounded once across the 
office, and soared out of the window. He lowered his shaking 
hand, raised Draco’s wand beneath the Cloak, and 
murmured, “Lumos. 
“Harry Potter is dead by my hand, and no man alive 
can threaten me now! Watch! CrucioV’ 

Harry had been expecting it, knew his body would not 
be allowed to remain unsullied upon the forest floor; 
it must be subjected to humiliation to prove 
Voldemort’s victory. 

“Protego\” roared Harry, and the Shield Charm 
expanded in the middle of the Hall, and Voldemort 
stared around for the source as Harry pulled off the 
Invisibility Cloak at last. Harry heard the high 
voice shriek as he too yelled his best hope to the 
heavens, pointing Draco’s wand: 

“Avada KedavraV’ 

“ Expelliarmus\ ” 

The bang was like a cannon blast, and the golden 
flames that erupted between them, at the dead center 
of the circle they had been treading, marked the point 
where the spells collided. 

He laid the broken wand upon the headmaster’s desk, 
touched it with the very tip of the Elder Wand, and 
said, “Reparo. 